---
title: Rules and Terms of Use
---
**Rules**:

By submitting a story, you indicate that, of your own free will, you agree that you are granting Town Hall Project, its agents, employees, and assigns, an unlimited, worldwide, perpetual, unconditional, gratis license and right to edit, modify, adapt, distribute, post, publish, broadcast, reproduce, encode, store, copy, transmit, publicly display, exhibit, and or otherwise use or reuse (without limitation as to when or to the number of times used) the story, in whole or in part (in each case, as submitted or as edited/modified in any way by Town Hall Project, in its sole discretion) in any way, and may use it in any and all media, now or hereafter devised, worldwide in perpetuity, without attribution, compensation, permission or notification to you, your successors or assigns, or any other entity, and without notice, review, or approval from you or any other party. Furthermore, although Town Hall Project is not under any legal or contractual obligation to do so, Town Hall Project reserves the right to review and/or edit any and all story elements deemed by Town Hall Project, in its sole discretion, to be prohibited, inappropriate, offensive, infringing or otherwise unacceptable.

You warrant and represent that your submission does not contain material that violates or infringes another’s rights, including but not limited to privacy, publicity or intellectual property rights, nor does it infringe on another’s copyright or trademark rights.

You represent and warrant that you are not knowingly hiding or falsifying your proper legal identity, submitting untrue, false, or otherwise misleading materials, or otherwise engaging in deceptive or misleading actions with regards to your participation.

You acknowledge that you will receive no monetary payments for your submission or participation.

**Terms of Use**:

THESE TERMS OF USE DESCRIBE YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES WHEN USING A Town Hall Project WEBSITE.  PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY.

**Acceptance of Terms**. frontlinestories.us, including all site-related content and services (collectively, “Town Hall Project”) is provided by Town Hall Project (“Town Hall Project,” “we,” “us”). Your use of www.frontlinestories.us is subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Terms of Use agreement (“Terms of Use”), which supplement any additional guidelines or other terms posted by Town Hall Project in relation to specific site-related services or content. We reserve the right to update or modify the Terms of Use without advance notice by posting a revised Terms of Use to this website. Visitors to www.frontlinestories.us (”you,” or “Bloggers”) can determine whether the Terms of Use has been modified since your last visit by checking the “Last updated” legend at the top of the Agreement. By using www.frontlinestories.us, you agree to be bound by the version of the Terms of Use then in effect. Town Hall Project advises you to print and retain a copy of this Terms of Use in hard copy as a record.  Town Hall Project may deny service to you at any time and in its sole discretion, including in the event you do not adhere to the Terms of Use.

About Town Hall Project; Purpose of frontlinestories.us. Town Hall Project is a project of Sixteen Thirty Fund. All rules and terms of use described here about Town Hall Project / www.frontlinestories.us are made on behalf of Town Hall Project.

Submissions. By posting or otherwise transmitting comments, pieces, ideas or other information in any form including visual or audio data (collectively, “Submissions”) to us, you grant to us and our designees a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicenseable, assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right (including any moral rights) and license to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works based on, perform and display such Submissions (in whole or in part) in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other provider of the Submissions.You acknowledge that to the extent that you include personally identifiable information in Submissions, we may republish such information as part of the content. If we republish your content, we may provide authorship credit by listing your name as well. Although Town Hall Project has no obligation to monitor the Submissions, you acknowledge and agree that we may do one or all of the following: (a) monitor the Submissions; (b) alter, edit, or remove any Submission in whole or in part; or (c) disclose any Submissions. This section will survive any termination or expiration of these Terms of Use.

Town Hall Project’s Proprietary Rights and Re-Use Policy. You may copy, reprint, publish, reproduce, or otherwise display materials (excluding AP photos and cartoons) from Town Hall Project on the condition that you attribute those materials to Town Hall Project and provide a link to the website of Town Hall Project (www.frontlinestories.us). Specifically, any article or materials that you reprint or otherwise reproduce must be displayed with its by-line, if applicable, under one of the following headings:“This material [article] was first published by Town Hall Project” (online)
“This material [article] was first published by Town Hall Project (www.frontlinestories.us)” 

Copyright Protection. The materials produced by or for Town Hall Project (including, but not limited to text, photographs, graphics, video and audio content) are protected by copyright as a collective work or compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. All individual articles, content and other elements comprising this compilation and produced by Town Hall Project are also copyrighted works. You must abide by all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in any materials produced by Town Hall Project. Limit on UseExcept as expressly permitted above, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, create derivative works, transmit, or in any way exploit any material produced by or for Town Hall Project.

Editorial Changes Not Permitted

You may not make any editorial changes to articles or materials without first receiving express permission from Town Hall Project editorial staff or the author, as applicable. This provision does not restrict excerpting portions of content in a manner that does not alter the editorial intent.

Revocation in Place of Breach

If any of the terms of this agreement are breached, Town Hall Project reserves the right to withdraw your license to republish our material. In this situation, you must take immediate steps to remove our material from all current and past communications.

Your Additional Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant to Town Hall Project that (a) you have full power and authority to enter into this Terms of Use; (b) your Submissions are original to you or you have obtained all permissions, releases, rights or licenses required to grant the rights and assignments granted herein without obtaining any further releases or consents; (c) your Submissions do not violate, infringe or misappropriate any third party’s copyright, trademark, right of privacy or publicity, or other personal or proprietary right, and do not contain any matter that is defamatory; and (d) you are eighteen years of age or older. If you are under 18 years of age, your parent or legal guardian must submit your Submissions on your behalf.

Information Available on or Through Town Hall Project. Much information made available on or through www.frontlinestories.us is provided by third parties such as news services, bloggers, and internet users. The inclusion or appearance of Third-Party Content on www.frontlinestories.us does not indicate any approval or endorsement by Town Hall Project of such Third-Party Content, or of any opinion, advice, or other information made or displayed on www.frontlinestories.us by any user or other third party. Town Hall Project does not affirm the veracity of this information and is not responsible for, and hereby disclaims any and all liability that may arise from Third-Party Content.

Links. frontlinestories.us provides links to other websites and resources. Because Town Hall Project has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Town Hall Project does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources, or for the availability of such external sites or resources. Town Hall Project is providing these links to you only as a convenience. Town Hall Project shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time and in its sole discretion, to block links from or to www.frontlinestories.us through technological or other means, without prior notice.
Claims of Copyright Infringement. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by www.frontlinestories.us infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright/ for details. Notices and counter-notices with respect to www.frontlinestories.us should be sent to: info@frontlinestories.us

Privacy Policy. All information provided by you or collected by us during visits to www.frontlinestories.us is governed by our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into the Terms of Use by this reference. Please review it carefully by clicking here.Please be aware that if you decide to disclose personally identifiable information on www.frontlinestories.us, this information may become public. Town Hall Project does not control the acts of other visitors to www.frontlinestories.us, so please be cautious when deciding to reveal personal information on www.frontlinestories.us. If you believe a Blogger is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact us at abuse@frontlinestories.us.

Access By Minors. frontlinestories.us is intended for visitors aged 18 and up. Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230(d), as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors.

Jurisdictional Issues. frontlinestories.us is controlled and operated by Town Hall Project from its principal office in the District of Columbia,U.S.A., and is not intended to subject Town Hall Project to the laws or jurisdiction of any other state, country or territory. Those who choose to access www.frontlinestories.us do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are solely responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations.

Termination. You agree that Town Hall Project, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of www.frontlinestories.us or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason, including if Town Hall Project believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the spirit of the Terms of Use. Further, you agree that Town Hall Project shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to www.frontlinestories.us.

Disclaimers. frontlinestories.us  IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. YOU AGREE THAT YOU MUST EVALUATE AND BEAR ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF frontlinestories.us, AND ANY RELIANCE ON THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS THEREOF TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, Town Hall Project DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO frontlinestories.us.frontlinestories.us may include inadvertent inaccuracies or errors, or information or materials that violate the Terms of Use (including the Rules of Conduct above). Additionally, the possibility exists that a third party could make unauthorized alterations to www.frontlinestories.us. Although we attempt to ensure the integrity of www.frontlinestories.us, we make no guarantees as to its completeness or correctness. In the event that a situation arises in which www.frontlinestories.us’s completeness or correctness is in question, please contact us with, if possible, a description of the material to be checked and the location (URL) where such material can be found on www.frontlinestories.us, as well as information sufficient to enable us to contact you..

Limitation of Liability. NEITHER Town Hall Project NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR CONSULTANTS ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO frontlinestories.us AND/OR MATERIALS CONTAINED ON frontlinestories.us, ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY CONTENT OR SERVICE AVAILABLE THROUGH frontlinestories.us. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH BLOGS, CONTENT, SERVICES OR ANY LINKED SITE IS TO STOP YOUR USE OF IT.

Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Town Hall Project and our directors, officers, employees and consultants, from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) and other expenses that arise out of or from (a) your activities in connection with www.frontlinestories.us; and (b) any violation of these Terms of Use by you, including breach of any representations or warranties made by you in this Terms of Use.

Miscellaneous. These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia,United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law principles. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court located in the jurisdiction of the District of Columbia, United States of America, and waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts, in any matter arising out of or related to www.frontlinestories.us or these Terms of Use. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Town Hall Project may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms of Use. These, together with all policies referred to herein, is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements between us with respect to such subject matter.

Questions. If you have any questions or feedback about these Terms of Use or the Blog, feel free to contact us at info@townhallproject.com.




