---
displayPage: story-wall
templateKey: blog-post
name: 
date: 2020-05-27T06:45:33.798Z
link: 
occupation: Retired scientist
source: 
tags: []
---
as I was pulling out of our driveway I noticed a medium sized animal carrier (crate). As I passed it I noticed a paw reaching through the door. I assumed that it was probably a litter of kittens. To my surprise a young (maybe 6 mos or so) Jack Russel Terrier. A quart size plastic bag filled with dog food was laying next to it. I took the crate up to the house, calling for my husband. The dog had its adult teeth and appeared to have been neutered. He looked like someone had taken good care of him; but I wasn't surprised to find him there with so many people who are unemployed. We began calling and texting friends and family desperately trying to find a home for him since we already have 2 large dogs and couldn't keep him. Fortunately, one of our neighbors wanted to take him. He was only with us for 1 day but I miss him. My husband and I had just talked about the number of pets that might need homes because of such a high level of unemployment because of the virus. Fortunately he'd received good care from his past owner- no fleas, well-fed, and sweet personality. It was easy to find a home. However, often animals that are "dumped" don't always have a happy ending. Too many are skin and bones covered with fleas, and showing other obvious signs of poor care. It would be nice if all owners who can't keep their pets are as considerate as this pup's previous owner had been.